Fix ldap (#82)
YunoHost-Apps/wekan_ynh: README.md

## Configuration

> As LDAP authentification is enable by default, wekan admins are the members of the group `Wekan Admin`.
> To add an admin account, you must:
> 
> - go to the webadmin and add the specific user to the permission `Wekan Admin`
> - use the command: `yunohost user permission update wekan.admin -a the_user_to_add`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As LDAP authentification is enabled by default, wekan admins correspond to the permission `Wekan Admin`. To add an admin account, you can:

- [with the webadmin] go to Users > Groups and permissions > Add the user to the permission `Wekan Admin`
- [or with the command line] `yunohost user permission update wekan.admin -a the_user_to_add`
```
